Add note about `astro deploment connections copy` not copying passwords (#3294)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-connection-copy.md

:::

> :::alert

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
```

> This command copies ALL connections from one instance to another, but does not copy encrypted data such as passwords or some `extras` such as when it contains private keys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command copies **all** connections from one instance to another, but does not copy encrypted data, like passwords, or some `extras`, such as when they contain private keys.
```
